Improved clarity for setup in INSTALL.md (#691)
matrix-org/dendrite: INSTALL.md

Create config file, based on `dendrite-config.yaml`. Call it `dendrite.yaml`. Things that will need editing include *at least*:
* `server_name`

> * `database/*` (All lines in the database section must have the password of the postgres db running in your system. eg:```dendrite:password@localhost``` )

Reviewer: Small nit:

```suggestion
* `database/*` (All lines in the database section must have the password of the postgres db running in your system. eg:`dendrite:password@localhost` )

Inline code only needs one `
```

Author: Ah! Alright..

## Starting a monolith server

It is possible to use 'naffka' as an in-process replacement to Kafka when using

> the monolith server. To do this, set `use_naffka: true` in `dendrite.yaml` and uncomment the necessary line related to naffka(last line in the *database* section) to use naffka.

Reviewer: Looks like you left in a bit of extra words here? (And there should be a space between word and `(`). Also naffka might not necessarily always be the last line in `database`. I'd suggest something along the lines of the following:

```suggestion
the monolith server. To do this, set `use_naffka: true` in `dendrite.yaml` and uncomment
the necessary line related to naffka in the `database` section. Be sure to update the
database username and password if needed.
```

Author: Done.

Create config file, based on `dendrite-config.yaml`. Call it `dendrite.yaml`. Things that will need editing include *at least*:
* `server_name`

> * `database/*` ( All lines in the database section must have the password of the postgres db running in your system. eg:`dendrite:password@localhost` )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `database/*` ( All lines in the database section must have the username and password of the postgres db running in your system. eg:`dendrite:password@localhost` )
```

Author: I have added this!

> * `database/*` ( All lines in the database section must have the username and password of the user created with the `createuser` command above. eg:`dendrite:password@localhost` )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `database/*` (All lines in the database section must have the username and password of the user created with the `createuser` command above. eg:`dendrite:password@localhost`)
```

Last little thing :)

Author: I thought you said there must be a space after a `(` and did that

Author: Oh I misunderstood one of your above comments.

Author: Done!

Reviewer: The one at the ending parentheses too please!

## Starting a monolith server

It is possible to use 'naffka' as an in-process replacement to Kafka when using
the monolith server. To do this, set `use_naffka: true` in `dendrite.yaml` and uncomment

> the necessary line related to naffka in the `database` section. be sure to update the 

Reviewer: `be` needs capitalization :)

Author: Ugh Im sorry about that!

## Starting a monolith server

It is possible to use 'naffka' as an in-process replacement to Kafka when using
the monolith server. To do this, set `use_naffka: true` in `dendrite.yaml`. 

> In the `dendrite.yaml` file, one must also uncomment the necessary line (related to naffka) to use naffka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, uncomment the necessary line (related to naffka) under `database:`.
```

We can probably simplify this a bit to remove the double mention of `dendrite.yaml`. Also since this relates to the previous paragraph and it's not too long we can probably just merge the two into a single paragraph.

Author: Sure, ill combine them together

> In the `dendrite.yaml` file, one must also uncomment the necessary line (related to naffka) to use naffka.

Reviewer 2: Could you please name the "necessary line" for clarity here?

Author: Sure, will do that!

The monolith server can be started as shown below. By default it listens for
HTTP connections on port 8008, so point your client at
`http://localhost:8008`. If you set `--tls-cert` and `--tls-key` as shown
below, it will also listen for HTTPS connections on port 8448.

> Before running below command, ensure that all uncommented lines in the `database` section have the password of your postgres db (dendrite:password@localhost)

Reviewer: [This line](https://github.com/matrix-org/dendrite/pull/691/files#diff-7d442b7eb49f5fc377f51e74b291cfc1R98) sort of implies this already. Did you find it was still unclear?

Author: Um, I thought people new to linking db to your system might need proper guidance. Should I remove it?

Reviewer: Right, I was wondering if the existing instructions were confusing/undetailed and you seem to think they are. We should improve them then. I would move this advice to the Configuration section however, as having it currently only in the Monolith setup section when it also applies to the Multiprocess setup seems wrong.

Author: Ah sure, Ill move it along with "changes include at least" ?

Author: Done, recheck.
